# Movie_Selection

Selection of The Most Popular Movies For The Cinema Chain Firm

Business Case:

The firm operates a cinema chain across the globe. One of the key challenges the firm is facing right now is how to quickly identify and select the best movies to air from the list of new movies that come out every month.

The Objective: 

Revenue and Quality
The firm choose two criteria for movie selection, Revenue and Quality. 
Revenue is the amount of box office revenue generated by the movie from all the cinema combined, and the revenue does not include sales from related activities such as peripheral merchandise sales or the income from licensing out its IP. 
Quality is a measurement about the artistic value of the movie. Often, it is a rather a subjective measurement from the average movie goers and the expert critiques alike, as beauty is in the eye of the beholder. In the project, quality is defined as a measurement about its popularity from average movie goers, as they represent the largest percentile of movie consumers.

I started off with the IMDB movie datasets, because it is one of the most comprehensive and readily accessible move datasets out on the internet. The IMDB dataset has a wide collection of movies dating back beyond the 1970s, and its descriptive information about each movie is complete and accurate, thus making it an ideal source of information to work with at the start.

Twitter data about the movies were also explored to understand the preference towards different movies. 
